TODO
------------------

Now: (current focus)
  add debug levels
  change uct_* params to tree_*
  option to output games to sgf with explanations (see gomill-savesgf)
  add random chance of not using a playout heuristic (per heuristic)
  weighted "random" ordering of playout heuristics
  add an auto-tuning version, like Mogo now has
  solve problem of LGRF hindering ladder-handling
  reduce Engine.h includes, to optimize build process
  move Parameter defaults and inits out of Engine
  make time_k boardsize independant
  add kgs chat command with winrate
  don't check for opening book moves once we are out of the book

Soon: (before next major release)
  larger patterns
  add results from first playout moves to tree
  try UCB1-TUNED formula (p.216(169) in SylvainGellyThesis)
  prefer games that end sooner? (don't drag on at end)
  reduce thinking time if surewin?
  think for longer if needed
  keep track of board hashes incrementally
  speedup features in playouts
  setting to use a total number of playouts per game for time testing
  patterns only near last move?
  fillboard not on 1st/2nd line?
  make sure scoring at end of kgs ranked game works (opponent can't "cheat")
  tune fillboard's N
  look into transposition table-like structure
  look at Feasibility for 19x19 (Baier Hendrik), possibly as a feature
  look at Dynamic Komi for 19x19 (Baier Hendrik)
  try LGRF-1/2 with a variable queue (see 6.3.5 Multiple Reply LGR in Baier Hendrik)
  try make progressive bias decay with parent playouts
  look why bs=0 even when r2 is high (possibly fixed since stop_early)
  look at altering playout_random_chance with extreme winrate
  look at a reverse LGR-kinda thing in the tree and playouts
  convert feature patterns to ASCII pics to aid visualisation
  compare profiling data to that of other programs such as libEGO
  try a "step-wise" RAVE (decay value at each capture)
  add parameters to web interface
  improve the overall web interface look and reduce flickering
  option to output SGFs for playouts

Later: (at some point)
  tune parameters
  add handicap settings
  add timestamp to log?
  replace FunctionList and ConstantList with std::list<>
  replace the Gtp instance variable using boost::bind()
  rename/refactor Engine to better name?
  move Go:: objects into own files?
  move main() into Oakfoam.cc
  add prefix to custom commands?
  do sanity checks on parameters
  use rotational symmetry?
  copy all board data with a copy() (groups and liberties)
  extensive comparison of playouts with strength
  more regression testing
  add loadsgf command
  setting to filter boardsize, time_settings, etc. for kgs
  try a "global RAVE"
  try use parent info in children (or grand parent)
  make atari-aware playouts dependant on size of group?
  make self-atari feature dependant on group size
  add hg tracked cgos,kgs?,gomill? scripts
  make SL page
  support terminal jigo in tree?
  add seg fault and exception handling
  try use Benson algo in tree and playouts?
  progressively add more reward for points diff if winrate very good?

